My name is Rikala Guru Krishna Kumar. I am an advocate on the Supreme Court of India.
We have our own lawyers office for more than 12 to 15 years now.
I have been making investments in the stock market and through mutual funds with integrated enterprises.
They were first introduced to me by our chartered accountant who recommended that
they are very transparent stock brokers and will ensure that there are no problems in the investment procedures.
They will not mislead you with the types of investments.
Accordingly, we had started investments. Our one stop contact point and the earlier stages was Shama in the Karol Boga office
who was extremely helpful and who would continuously follow up on the status of our investments.
I recommend what we have to sell, recommend those which are not worthwhile to hold on to
and ensure that we sold them at the correct time and also advises on purchases.
We had many relationship managers from various banks where we held accounts,
but guidance given by integrated enterprises has always been very useful and grounded
without any misleading information for any vested interests.
Recently we have been touched with Mr. Ganesh also who has also been advising us
in an overall manner about the investments for both me and my husband.
I think their investment profile has been good and we have made decent profits
with the investments made through them.
Best of luck to them on their completion of 50 years.